So we previously saw that we can't log in successfully and we were canceled at logging district.
What I want to do now.
When the user logs in I want to show them a different page that says you've logged in.
This will eventually become the timeline of the messages.
But let's start building the architecture around that.
So what we need to do is fix up a couple of things inside of our home page Take us inside of this home
page.
We don't just want to display that information.
We want a little bit of logic to see if the user is logged in.
We also want to do this in our nav bar.
So inside of our home page we need to pass some information related to the user who's logged in.
Where do we get that.
We get that from our current user from redox the inside of our interests whenever we render this specific
route.
We're going to pass in some additional information to our homepage.
Let's go grab the current user from props and we're getting that from a redux.
I'm going to pass that along to our home page component.
Let's pass that as a prop we can call that current user and its value will be current user and that's
coming from redox so our home page component should have access to the user who's logged in inside of
that home page component.
Let's see if we have a current user.
So all the structure current user from prop's mission we spell that correctly.
And let's write a little bit of conditional logic that says if current user data is authenticated is
false
this is code that should run if the user is not logged in or signed up yet if they have signed incorrectly
will display a different message here.
So if the user is not authenticated you want to make sure to return that information.
Most just fix up our syntax here.
And inside we want to pass in all that each TNL.
So if the user is authenticated will simply just return a div let's make sure we get that right syntax
highlighting and what we're trying to do.
And each one is as you know will get it real simple.
So how do we redirect someone when they've locked and successfully back in our form instead of canceled
out logging what we're going to use the Riak router to redirect the let's also make sure that we handle
any errors that happen here.
So if something goes wrong and we return the rejection of that promise we earn it should display.
So in our job then what we want to do is redirect and we'll do that using our prop stock history.
We get that from re-act router and we're going to push back to slash and the reffer slash renders the
home page component and now our home page component should have enough conditional logic to display
something differently.
So let's luggin and let's try again with some information.
And now it says need it.
So what actually happened in this entire cycle.
If you take a look in our Roxette we can see we've removed any errors.
We can also see what our current user looks like our current user has is authenticated of true with
the information about that user who's logged in.
If we reset that and go back to where we were.
This is what current user looks likes we can really time travel with these relaxed their tools which
is really nice.
So what else can we display aside from you made it what we want right now.
Is simply a list of all of our messages.
And that's going to be a component called Message time line touches and inside of this message time.
We're going to pass in a list of messages and that was the messages is going to come from redux.
So we don't worry that it hasn't been prompts from a parent to a child to another child and so on.
So let's first import Riyadh from Riyadh.
We're then going to import message lists from that I-Slash containers.
Slash message lists.
We don't have this one yet but we'll make it.
And here we're going to make a component called Message timeline and that's going to pass.
That's going to get some props.
It's got to be a seamless functional component.
And inside of here we're going to return a div with a class name of row little bit of bootstraps style
and gear and inside of here will render a component called Message List.
We're going to add another component here.
So that's why we have this kind of parent message time component.
So we have a little bit more in a bit.
Let's go to a container now called The Message List and this is going to continue in our messages.
So inside of here we're going to want to display all the messages that we're getting from relax.
So how are we going to get all those messages.
We're going to get them from the back end to do that.
We're going to need another Ajax request with some actions.
And we're also going to want to make sure that we're logged in and set a token in the header.
So that's going to take a bit of work.
I'll work on that and the next section.